E-book management systems are designed to facilitate the storage, organization, and retrieval of e-books. The proliferation of e-books has led to an increase in the demand for e-book management systems. E-book management systems can improve the efficiency of library operations and enhance the user experience. E-book management systems typically offer a range of features like to store, organize, upload and for searching specific e-books.  Users can create custom tags or labels to categorize their books, making it easier to find the books they need. This feature is particularly useful for avid readers who have a large collection of eBooks.  With the many features and benefits offered by these systems, they are sure to become an increasingly important tool in the world of digital reading. With the many features and benefits offered by these systems, they are sure to become an increasingly important tool in the world of digital reading. Additionally, eBook management systems allow users to search for eBooks by author, title, or subject, making it easier to locate specific titles or authors within a large collection. The system's advanced features, such as tracking borrowed materials, online renewals, and reservation facilities, provide a seamless and hassle-free experience to users. It offers several features, such as a user-friendly interface, easy search options, personalized recommendations, and online borrowing facilities. E-book management systems also include features for managing annotations, bookmarks, syncing the reading process, as well as the ability to share e-books with others and providing exclusive membership to the readers. In our project E-BOOK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM all these listed features are included to satisfy the user requirements and provide a better environment to all the users for reading.
